Update Handwriting explainer (#918)
MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers: Handwriting/HandwritingIntentCSSValue.md

### Keywords and States

 The `touch-action` attribute accepts the following keywords:

> > Value: `auto` | `none` | [ [ `pan-x` | `pan-left` | `pan-right` ] | [ `pan-y` | `pan-up` | `pan-down` ] ] | `manipulation`

Reviewer: Missing `pinch-zoom`, and the new `handwriting` keywords.

Author: I meant this more as a "currently accepts the following keywords:". I'll update the wording.

For pinch-zoom, I copied the list from the touch-action w3c link we have in the introduction section:
https://w3c.github.io/pointerevents/#the-touch-action-css-property
Which doesn't have pinch zoom. Is the link to an old version of the spec and I should update it?
Looking at the file on [github](https://github.com/w3c/pointerevents/blob/gh-pages/index.html), it seems like pinch-zoom is not coded into the spec, it's just mentioned in regards to manipulation. Should the spec be updated?

Reviewer: I think the w3c spec touch-action values section is incomplete and just missing `pinch-zoom`.
`pinch-zoom` is mentioned under `manipulation`, but for some reason wasn't included as a keyword. I believe this is likely in error.
The spec should probably have a separate PR to include that keyword as well at some point.

2. If the computed value for `touch-action` on `element` or any of its ancestors does not include either keyword `auto`, `handwriting`, or `manipulation`, **disable handwriting**.

### Caveats / Cons

A few pain points have been brought up that are worth discussion:
* Web pages that currently have the `touch-action` property set for different elements will lose the handwriting capabilities on this element even if they don't want to disable it. When the new keyword ships, the absence of the value will be interpreted as the author of the webpage intentionally disabling handwriting.
* Authors that specify `touch-action: manipulation` will be enabling `handwriting`, even when they might not want the behavior enabled in their webpage. These authors would then need to update their webpages to explicitly mention which behaviors they want, i.e. : `touch-action: pan-x pan-y pinch-zoom`.
*   Using `touch-action` restricts handwriting implementations to touch input devices (such as stylus and touch), even though a platform could support handwriting capabilities for other controls, like mouse pointer events.

> 	* `touch-action` determines the behavior of touch input devices indistinctly of which device is being used, either touch or stylus. In the future, these input devices might be separated into two different CSS attributes to allow things like, say, enable panning with finger touch events and only enable handwriting with a stylus.  

Reviewer: Instead of "indistinctly", I think "agnostic" might fit better.

```suggestion
	* `touch-action` determines supported behaviors of touch input devices agnostic of which device is being used, either touch or stylus. In the future, these input devices might be separated into two different CSS attributes to allow things like, say, enable panning with finger touch events and only enable handwriting with a stylus.  
```

1. If the computed value for `touch-action` on `element` and all of its ancestors include either keyword `auto`, `handwriting`, or `manipulation`, **enable handwriting**.
2. If the computed value for `touch-action` on `element` or any of its ancestors does not include either keyword `auto`, `handwriting`, or `manipulation`, **disable handwriting**.

### Caveats / Cons

A few pain points have been brought up that are worth discussion:
* Web pages that currently have the `touch-action` property set for different elements will lose the handwriting capabilities on this element even if they don't want to disable it. When the new keyword ships, the absence of the value will be interpreted as the author of the webpage intentionally disabling handwriting.
* Authors that specify `touch-action: manipulation` will be enabling `handwriting`, even when they might not want the behavior enabled in their webpage. These authors would then need to update their webpages to explicitly mention which behaviors they want, i.e. : `touch-action: pan-x pan-y pinch-zoom`.

> *   Using `touch-action` restricts handwriting implementations to touch controls (such as stylus and touch), even though a platform could support handwriting capabilities for other controls, like mouse pointer events.

Reviewer 2: I think it's more appropriate to use `touch input devices` instead of `controls`.

There are no known security impacts of the features in this specification.

# Alternative Solutions

## Why not an HTML+IDL attribute?

The [first proposal](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Handwriting/explainer.md) was to add the handwriting functionality as an HTML+IDL attribute which would allow authors to specify whether an element should permit handwriting by adding a new `handwriting(= true|= false|<blank>)` (`<blank>` implying `= true`) attribute to HTML elements.

> After some discussion [[1](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/0r_tV6k0NyA?pli=1)]] [[2](https://github.com/w3c/pointerevents/issues/516)], it became apparent that implementing the functionality in the `touch-action` CSS attribute was the better alternative. The discussion is still ongoing, and we are open to considering different alternatives.

Reviewer 2: It would be helpful to enumerate the specific concerns mentioned here, so readers can easily find them without having to search through the entire discussion.
